README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.com/jbacon/portfolio-website.svg?branch=main)](https://api.travis-ci.com/jbacon/portfolio-website.svg?branch=main)

# Portfolio Website: [https://portfolio.joshbacon.name](https://portfolio.joshbacon.name)

My portfolio website/blog built using [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/) with Typescript and Material UI. This application is hosted as a static-site on [AWS S3 w/ CloudFront CDN](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/host-static-website/). The only back-end service currently being integrated is EmailJS, with more to come!

## Key Technologies Used:

- ReactJS - [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
- AWS S3 Static Site Hosting
- AWS CloudFront CDN
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
- [EmailJS](https://www.emailjs.com/)
- [PrismJS](https://prismjs.com/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html)
- [Travis CI](https://app.travis-ci.com/)

### Build

```bash
docker run -i -t -v ${PWD}/:/app/ --workdir /app/ node:18-stretch npm run-script build
```

Commit message:

Refactor GitHub Actions (#7)
Adds github composite actions for build/deploy in order to re-use in
workflows for PR and main

README.md, after:

![main workflow](https://github.com/jbacon/portfolio-website/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)

# Portfolio Website: [https://portfolio.joshbacon.name](https://portfolio.joshbacon.name)

My portfolio website/blog built using React with Typescript and Material UI. This application is hosted as a static-site on AWS S3 with CloudFront content delivery. The only back-end services currently being integrated are EmailJS and Auth0, with more to come.

## Key Technologies Used:

- [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
- [AWS S3 Static Site Hosting](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/host-static-website/)
- [AWS CloudFront CDN](https://www.amazonaws.cn/en/cloudfront/)
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
- [EmailJS](https://www.emailjs.com/)
- [PrismJS](https://prismjs.com/)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html)
- [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)

### Build

```bash
docker run -i -t -v ${PWD}/:/app/ --workdir /app/ node:18-stretch npm run-script build
```
